c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\WebServise_Pizza.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\WebServise_Pizza.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\WebServise_Pizza.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\Telegram.Bot.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\Telegram.Bot.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\obj\Debug\WebServise_Pizza.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\obj\Debug\WebServise_Pizza.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebServise_Pizza\WebServise_Pizza\obj\Debug\WebServise_Pizza.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\WebServise_Pizza.dll.config
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\WebServise_Pizza.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\WebServise_Pizza.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\Telegram.Bot.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\Telegram.Bot.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\obj\Debug\WebServise_Pizza.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\obj\Debug\WebServise_Pizza.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI\WebServise_Pizza\obj\Debug\WebServise_Pizza.pdb
